[v3] fix folder's index page was not merged with folder itself for some edge case (#3584)
shuding/nextra: .changeset/thick-dingos-cry.md

---
'nextra': patch
'nextra-theme-docs': patch
---

> fix folder with index page were not merged for some edge case

Author: ```suggestion
fix folder's index page was not merged with folder itself for some edge case
```
